add configuration steps for MITM proxy (#2901)
kestra-io/docs: content/docs/09.administrator-guide/dind-behind-proxy.md

              - type:  io.kestra.plugin.scripts.runner.docker.Docker
                values:
                  volume-enabled: true
      dind:
        enabled: true
        image:
          image: docker
          tag: dind-rootless
          pullPolicy: IfNotPresent
        socketPath: /dind/
        tmpPath: /tmp/
        resources: {}
        args:
          - --log-level=fatal
          - --group=1000
        securityContext:
          runAsUser: 1000
          runAsGroup: 1000
        extraVolumeMounts:
          - name: docker-daemon-config
            mountPath: /home/rootless/.config/docker
            readOnly: true
          - name: ca-cert-volume
            mountPath: /home/rootless/.config/docker/certs.d/mitmproxy.default.svc.cluster.local:8000
            readOnly: true
          - name: ca-cert-volume
            mountPath: /home/rootless/mitmproxy
            readOnly: true
        extraEnv:
          - name: SSL_CERT_FILE 
            value: /home/rootless/mitmproxy/ca.crt
    ```
    Notice that we used `volume-enabled: true` in the configuration to mount the CA cert from DinD pod to the Container deployed later by a Task in Kestra.  

## DinD in Action

> The configuration will help the DinD Pod pull required Container Images successfully through the MITM Proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration will help the DinD Pod pull the required Container Images successfully through the MITM Proxy.
```

> Further for Kestra tasks, that need to run as a Docker Container such as the `io.kestra.plugin.scripts.shell.Script`, you must provide the `HTTPS_PROXY` env variable and trust the certificate in the `beforeCommands` as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further, for Kestra tasks that need to run as a Docker Container, such as the `io.kestra.plugin.scripts.shell.Script`, you must provide the `HTTPS_PROXY` env variable and trust the certificate in the `beforeCommands` as shown below.
```

> It might also be a good idea to configure the settings as plugin defaults.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure consistency, configure the settings as plugin defaults.
```
